US Chess MSA - Member Details   (Tournament History) US Chess Federation - Member Services Area Press Advertising About US Chess Contact Us Return to US Chess Home Page             MSA Home Members Affiliates Tournaments Help   15761416: THOMAS ISAAC Events for this player since late 1991: 1 Events are generally shown in rating sequence order. Recently rated events that have not yet been rerated into chronological order are indicated with a double asterisk (**). The post-event ratings from those events (and subsequent events) may change when they are rerated. (Events rated prior to 2004 are shown in the order in which they were originally rated.) Events that are submitted late or out of chronological order will appear to have been rated out of ending-date order until the next time we re-rate all recent events to place them into chronological order. We normally do rerates on Tuesdays, though they may not complete until Wednesday. Results within crosstables are NOT in tiebreak order and and players may not be listed in the same order as the prize lists from an event. End Date Event ID Event Name Section ID and Name Reg Rtg Before / After Quick Rtg Before / After Blitz Rtg Before / After 2015-06-27 201506272652 5TH ORWELL MEMORIAL OPEN (IL) 4: SUB-BOOSTER (Unrated) => 101 (P4) (Unrated) => 101 (P4)     Session / 0 Version 1.00b / 2003-10-16 US Chess Member Services Area - Copyright 2002-2015 by the US Chess Federation - All Rights Reserved Frequently Asked Questions Report problems to [email protected] Return to US Chess Home PageUS Chess MSA - Member Details   (Tournament History) US Chess Federation - Member Services Area Press Advertising About US Chess Contact Us Return to US Chess Home Page             MSA Home Members Affiliates Tournaments Help   15761416: THOMAS ISAAC Events for this player since late 1991: 1 Events are generally shown in rating sequence order. Recently rated events that have not yet been rerated into chronological order are indicated with a double asterisk (**). The post-event ratings from those events (and subsequent events) may change when they are rerated. (Events rated prior to 2004 are shown in the order in which they were originally rated.) Events that are submitted late or out of chronological order will appear to have been rated out of ending-date order until the next time we re-rate all recent events to place them into chronological order. We normally do rerates on Tuesdays, though they may not complete until Wednesday. Results within crosstables are NOT in tiebreak order and and players may not be listed in the same order as the prize lists from an event. Error (2a): Could not retrieve tournament data for   Session / 0 Version 1.00b / 2003-10-16 US Chess Member Services Area - Copyright 2002-2015 by the US Chess Federation - All Rights Reserved Frequently Asked Questions Report problems to [email protected] Return to US Chess Home PageUS Chess MSA - Member Details   (Tournament History) US Chess Federation - Member Services Area Press Advertising About US Chess Contact Us Return to US Chess Home Page             MSA Home Members Affiliates Tournaments Help   15761416: THOMAS ISAAC Events for this player since late 1991: 1 Events are generally shown in rating sequence order. Recently rated events that have not yet been rerated into chronological order are indicated with a double asterisk (**). The post-event ratings from those events (and subsequent events) may change when they are rerated. (Events rated prior to 2004 are shown in the order in which they were originally rated.) Events that are submitted late or out of chronological order will appear to have been rated out of ending-date order until the next time we re-rate all recent events to place them into chronological order. We normally do rerates on Tuesdays, though they may not complete until Wednesday. Results within crosstables are NOT in tiebreak order and and players may not be listed in the same order as the prize lists from an event. Error (2a): Could not retrieve tournament data for   Session / 0 Version 1.00b / 2003-10-16 US Chess Member Services Area - Copyright 2002-2015 by the US Chess Federation - All Rights Reserved Frequently Asked Questions Report problems to [email protected] Return to US Chess Home PageUS Chess MSA - Member Details   (Tournament History) US Chess Federation - Member Services Area Press Advertising About US Chess Contact Us Return to US Chess Home Page             MSA Home Members Affiliates Tournaments Help   15761416: THOMAS ISAAC Events for this player since late 1991: 1 Events are generally shown in rating sequence order. Recently rated events that have not yet been rerated into chronological order are indicated with a double asterisk (**). The post-event ratings from those events (and subsequent events) may change when they are rerated. (Events rated prior to 2004 are shown in the order in which they were originally rated.) Events that are submitted late or out of chronological order will appear to have been rated out of ending-date order until the next time we re-rate all recent events to place them into chronological order. We normally do rerates on Tuesdays, though they may not complete until Wednesday. Results within crosstables are NOT in tiebreak order and and players may not be listed in the same order as the prize lists from an event. Error (2a): Could not retrieve tournament data for   Session / 0 Version 1.00b / 2003-10-16 US Chess Member Services Area - Copyright 2002-2015 by the US Chess Federation - All Rights Reserved Frequently Asked Questions Report problems to [email protected] Return to US Chess Home Page